Added a default UI Elements inspector editor class (#169)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.perception: com.unity.perception/CHANGELOG.md

Added AnimationCurveSampler, which returns random values according to a range and probability distribution denoted by a user provided AnimationCurve. 

> Added DefaultUIElementsEditor class to allow custom ScriptableObjects to render Parameter and Sampler typed public fields correctly in their inspector windows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added ParameterUIElementsEditor class to allow custom ScriptableObjects and MonoBehaviours to render Parameter and Sampler typed public fields correctly in their inspector windows.
```
